Standardize pub page options formatting and wording (#3493)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/cmd/pub-cache.md

---
title: dart pub cache
description: Use dart pub cache to manage your system cache.
---

_Cache_ is one of the commands of the [pub tool](/tools/pub/cmd).

```nocode
$ dart pub cache add <package> [--version <constraint>] [--all]
$ dart pub cache repair
```

The `dart pub cache` command works with the
[system cache](/tools/pub/glossary#system-cache).

## Adding a package to the system cache

You can manually add a package to your system cache:

```terminal
$ dart pub cache add <package>
```

## Reinstalling all packages in the system cache

You can perform a clean reinstallation of all packages in your system cache:

```terminal
$ dart pub cache repair
```

This is useful if the packages in your system cache
were somehow changed or broken.

For example, some editors make it easy to find implementation files
for packages in the system cache,
and you might accidentally edit one of those files.

## Clear the global system cache

You can clear the entire system cache:

```terminal
$ dart pub cache clear
```

## Options

For options that apply to all pub commands, see
[Global options](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options).

### `--all`

> Optional for `dart pub cache add`.

Reviewer: I'm not crazy about this line. See the next option for a suggestion.

> Installs all matching versions of a library.

Reviewer: I think you were right to change _library_ to _package_ elsewhere in this page.

```suggestion
Installs all matching versions of a package.
```

### `--version `_`<constraint>`_

> Optional for `dart pub cache add`.
> 
> Installs the best version matching the specified constraint. For example:

Reviewer: The "Optional" line seems a little hard to understand. Maybe:

```suggestion
Use `dart pub cache add --all` to install
the best version matching the specified constraint.
For example:
```
